ghc-80768 (#513)
haskell/error-messages: message-index/messages/GHC-80768/example1/index.md

---
title: Kind signatures on classes must end with Constraint unobscured by type families
---

> The problem here is the usage of the type family `Id` in the Stand alone kind signature for the typeclass `C`. It's an error for kind signatures on classes to not end in a "naked" Constraint.

Reviewer: How about:
```suggestion
The problem here is the usage of the type family `Id` in the standalone kind signature for the typeclass `C`. Kind signatures for classes must literally end in `Constraint` rather than in a kind that is equivalent to it.
```

Author: most excellent, kind sir
